Players attempt to take on the bandit camp.
	1. 2 patrols of 4 bandits move around the base, while others move around the camp.
	2. Looking over the camp, the cages may stick out to you the most. Assortments of species stand and sit, there's 2 dozen of them. Four of them appear to be elves wearing the same green and cream clothing. Lucy, these are the cultural clothes of you're Elven friend. Ellary, as you look at the people, the dwarf with a grey head and beard of hair, holding a stick and sitting cross legged looks very much like [[Mrs Wyndham]].
	3. 3 bandits check people out at the entrance.
	4. The rest of the camp rest at their campfire, gathers and moves wood for more buildings, or is out of site in the buildings.
	5. **LANTERNS HP is 5 and AC is 7**
	6. Depending on how long they watch for, the party will see a Red Dragonborn moving around the camp with authority, people moving away from him with senses of urgency and direction. This is [[Bandits of Doorn's leader, Sanfage]]. 
	7. After clearing the lanterns, [[Ents of Doorn]] move in after 18 seconds recovering from their sleep. The [[Great Wise One]] begins raining spikes down on the bandits, seeming to know immediately who has been a willing participant to controlling their sleep.
<<<<<<< Updated upstream

	8. The final battle will be against the bandit leader and a squad of bandits with him, trying to drag another large lantern out of the storage room. A goliath bandit with maximum health holds a large shield over the [[Bandits of Doorn's leader, Sanfage]] and the [[Ent Lantern]].
	9. At the start of the final battle, Dexter leaps over the wall and joins the battle.
	10. When [[Bandits of Doorn's leader, Sanfage]] dies, he says **"Prepare yourselves. The Vilk are coming..."** and fakes his death, later healing himself and escaping from the forest with a shattered half of a lantern.
	11. In the aftermath, writhing giant roots, [[Ents of Doorn]] and [[Ent doglikes]] settle, changing their efforts to surrounding the players each with a wide berth. Hurriedly, [[BirdHome the Ent]] marches through with circular pieces of wood that he places on people's tunics.
	   "These soft people"
	   "Fleshfolk"
	   "FLESHFOLK are friends now. Allow them the time to see the caged fleshfolk to safety, and they shall be granted passage through our home."
	12. All of the ents look toward the [[Great Wise One]] and seem to hear something of a command, then [[BirdHome the Ent]] says "The Great Wise One wishes to talk with you personally." He's gesturing at Tenet and Andrew.
	13. Inside, [[Great Wise One]] will offer the position as Ranger over the forest if they are willing to devote their lives to [[The forest of Doorn]] with an oath. If the players would like to reject the position, they may still have a reward of a choice of one magic item between them from a list of: 3 arrows of slaying (one human, one orc, one dragon, one elf), a Manual of Quickness of Action, Horn of Silent Alarm, Moon-Touched Sword, Ring of Spell Storing, Amulet of Health, Boots of Striding and Springing, Bracers of Archery, A blue bowl with a gold rim, summons an oasis to where it's used and then the bowl breaks.
	14. Dexter has a letter in his pouch that says "I hope this finds you well, Andrew. I am a friend of Shail and Tenet's. I came across Dexter travelling at speed through the forest and exchanged words with him. I will deliver the letter [[Ellary of Smiffen Burrows]] has written for her elder cousin to Mauer, but perhaps more importantly an Elf from [[Illystrial]] was tailing Dexter, and he held a sigil which you will find in Dexter's pouch alongside this letter. I dispatched of him, but be wary. If anyone knew of his mission, they will wonder of his whereabouts eventually."
	15. The four elves will talk to the party saying that they have been kidnapped after fleeing an Orc attack while working at a now major historical dig site for the Elven city [[City of Quenya]], the most local city of Elves that might finally understand what happened to their long-lost cousins of high elves.
5. Players move on from the bandit camp, continuing with safe passage to... the [[city of Mauervell]]




The people coming from Illystrial are being led by a Barbarian lvl 7. His name is Borman, he has 2 druids, 2 fighters, 2 clerics, and a paladin.

The session ended with the bandit captain on 60/64 health and the goliath is at 51/70 health.
The storeroom is on fire, the bottom left tents are on fire,
The 16 people escaped from the cages are being guarded at the south side of the map by [[BirdHome the Ent]] and other Ents.
>>>>>>> Stashed changes
