The players start the session at the point where they separate from the people rescued from the [[Bandit town in the forest of Doorn]], halfway to the [[Seed bank encounter]]. The players rescued the people near sunset, travelled a little way and slept, travelled for a day, slept, part ways and then arrive at the [[Seed bank encounter]] a few hours off of a late summer sunset. [[Lucy Longbottom]] is having a conversation with [[Janel]].
[[Janel]] says that he wishes everyone the best, deepest thanks for saving them, and if they can find help speedily, it will arrive a day after the players do. 
[[Mrs Wyndham]] is going to give [[Ellary of Smiffen Burrows]] one last goodbye hug, tell her she has a lot to process considering what she has been through, and that she doesn't have to continue with these people if she is not able. 
The players arrive at the [[Seed bank encounter]] at dusk.

Letters indicate floor of the [[Seed bank encounter]] and numbers indicate the rooms/areas within the floor.

If Rachel is playing: Shail, you feel a wriggling from the pouch you have Black Phoenix's orb stored in. The orb shakes more, and then calms, then slowly begins to shrink in toward Phoenix's body which stay the same size, being absorbed by her. The small figure grows larger and larger, returning to her normal size, asleep and looking drained. Black Phoenix, you stable and healthy, though unconscious and looking very hungry and thirsty. 
As you wake up, you're memories are hazy, like sand that hasn't settled in water yet.

A1 - As you arrive at the digsite, you have mostly left behind the trees of the Doorn forest, though some of their kind are mixed into the ordinary deciduous, cork oaks, and gums you are used to. The sight before you is a clearing with a wide cone shaped hole that heads down to the grey and green stone structure in the center. What you can see of the building stands 8 feet tall carrying a pyramid with a flat topped cap stone. The visible entry way to the building is a narrow square a couple of feet across and tall. It looks like more of the door way is yet to be uncovered. The dirt at the entrance has been shovelled away and scrape marks indicate a large number of creatures have squeezed through the opening. Posts with tarps over them and benches under the tarps have work benches with tools made for discovery on top of them. One table has papers scattered across it, and to the edge of the digsite are a few large, destroyed tents. 
B1 - The interior is dark, and much, much more expansive, giving you 10 feet of standing space in a wide open room, 20 feet across, and made of the same jade green and grey stone. The flooring has dark marble and more of the jade green stone, though polished. Opposite from where you entered, stairs descend further down. Muddy footsteps leave the dirt slope you slid down, and lead toward the stairs. Some look like the tread marks of boots while others look like large bare feet stamping over the top of the boot marks. To either side of the room are large round beams going from wall to wall, a couple feet off of the ground, made of polished wood. They have large scratch marks here and there, but otherwise look to be in good condition.

C1 - Down the stairs, the height of the room continues, and you see a suit of armour at the end of the long room you enter. In front of him lay the bodies of two recently killed orcs, and to it's left side is the head of a large creature.
Partway along the walls are closed doorways sealed with rough stone with levers beside them that look like they will allow the doors to open. Muddy footprints follow to the orc bodies, and to both of the rooms on either side. Behind the suit of armour is a large circular door, it's diameter taller than the suit of armour. Hudson, please describe what the suit of armour looks like.

C2 - The doorway on the left hand side opens and leads to Savage, yet jovial sounding creatures bouncing off one another, punching eachother and further destroying things in the room, purple air plooming out from the chamber. Quickly they notice you and shout at eachother, "BOYS BOYS BOYS A NEW FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT."

4 raiders, 2 savages, 1 marauder, 2 Prodromos
```encounter
creatures:
  - Raider - Orc Berserker
  - Raider - Orc Berserker
  - Raider - Orc Berserker
  - Raider - Orc Berserker
  - Savage - Orc Berserker
  - Savage - Orc Berserker
  - Marauder - Orc Berserker
  - Orc TOKOTAI - Prodromos
  - Orc TOKOTAI - Prodromos
party: Tale of Seven
```

C3 - The doorway on the right hand side leads into a room with 3 passed out elves, and one left still awake, sitting against a shelf. They all need food and water desperately, but are not dead.
The cases in this room are sparse, and seem to contain the daily events of a city, dated back to [[380 True Time]]. There are three magical items on the shelves:
1. Spell Scroll (Leomund's Tiny Hut) (uncommon, dmg 200)
2. Lantern of Revealing (uncommon, dmg 179)
3. Spell Scroll (Mass Cure Wounds) (rare, dmg 200)
Elves: Ylyndar Quidithas  
Khidell Oloqirelle  
Shyrrik Zyllynn  
Alosrin Holaran

On the rear wall is a Mural: Purple worms climb from a black cavern towards a tall green and white city. Small images of people are fleeing away from them.

C-10 - This room of cases has yellow seeds lining the wall, each one stacked to the brim with seeds in glass preserving jars. One of the standing cases contains a variety of preserved foods, seemingly showing different ways to prepare whatever it is the seeds grow. Hooked to the side of the case is a collection of fine parchments (they provide lots of different ways to cook the food, suggesting different ingredients and portions.)
Dexterity
10 of the jars give a +1 to the relevant stat for the next 10 minutes
10 of the jars give a +2 to the relevant stat for the next 5 minutes

C-11 - This room of cases has red seeds lining the wall, each one stacked to the brim with seeds in glass preserving jars. One of the standing cases contains a variety of preserved foods, seemingly showing different ways to prepare whatever it is the seeds grow. Hooked to the side of the case is a collection of fine parchments (they provide lots of different ways to cook the food, suggesting different ingredients and portions.)
Strength
10 of the jars give a +1 to the relevant stat for the next 10 minutes
10 of the jars give a +2 to the relevant stat for the next 5 minutes

C-12 This room of cases has purple seeds lining the wall, each one stacked to the brim with seeds in glass preserving jars. One of the standing cases contains a variety of preserved foods, seemingly showing different ways to prepare whatever it is the seeds grow. Hooked to the side of the case is a collection of fine parchments (they provide lots of different ways to cook the food, suggesting different ingredients and portions.)
Wisdom
10 of the jars give a +1 to the relevant stat for the next 10 minutes
10 of the jars give a +2 to the relevant stat for the next 5 minutes

C-13 - This room of cases has pink seeds lining the wall, each one stacked to the brim with seeds in glass preserving jars. One of the standing cases contains a variety of preserved foods, seemingly showing different ways to prepare whatever it is the seeds grow. Hooked to the side of the case is a collection of fine parchments (they provide lots of different ways to cook the food, suggesting different ingredients and portions.)
Dexterity
10 of the jars are healing pots
5 of the jars are greater healing pots

Each room has 5 clockwork watchmen that have run out of energy wind (wind, not wind), and 2-5 still moving, tidying, and playing with their beetle swarms.

Primary chamber is guarded by a large Clockwork Myrmidon, and has a domed ceiling. At the back of the room is a staircase that leads downwards. It has a large seed in the center, beginning to crack open, revealing green tendrils wriggling back and forth, growing quite quickly. If the players investigate it, it will touch them given the chance, dealing 1d10 damage, showing them an image from their past made from it's roots, and then continue forward. Once it's roots reach the ground, it grow exponentially quickly, popping stones off of the walls and bringing forth torches that become lit after the roots reach soil. It feels as though the whole structure is coming to life, even the stairs at the back of the room shift.

```encounter
party:  Tale of Seven
creatures:
  - Clockwork Myrmidon
```

The rooms at the rear are filled with ordinary equipment such as torches, sets of chainmail, short and longswords, with words etched into each of their rear walls. "Explore" "Learn" "Restore" "Share"
+1 Shield (uncommon, dmg 200)
+2 Armor (studded leather) (very rare, dmg 152)
A sunblade longsword
+1 Weapon (lance) (uncommon, dmg 213)


Levi takes 438 pieces of elven historical papers
