8. The final battle will be against the bandit leader and a squad of bandits with him, trying to drag another large lantern out of the storage room. A goliath bandit with maximum health holds a large shield over the [[Bandits of Doorn's leader, Sanfage]] and the [[Ent Lantern]].
9. At the start of the final battle, Dexter leaps over the wall and joins the battle.
10. When [[Bandits of Doorn's leader, Sanfage]] dies, he says **"Prepare yourselves. The Vilk are coming..."** and fakes his death, later healing himself and escaping from the forest with a shattered half of a lantern.
11. In the aftermath, writhing giant roots, [[Ents of Doorn]] and [[Ent doglikes]] settle, changing their efforts to surrounding the players each with a wide berth. Hurriedly, [[BirdHome the Ent]] marches through with hardened leaves in hand that he places on people's tunics.
       "These soft people"
	   "Fleshfolk"
	   "FLESHFOLK are [[Enturgs]] now. Allow them the time to see the caged fleshfolk to safety, and they shall be granted passage through our home."
12. [[Dexter]] has a letter in his pouch that says "I hope this finds you well, Andrew. I am a friend of Shail and Tenet. I came across Dexter travelling at speed through the forest and exchanged words with him. I will deliver the letter [[Ellary of Smiffen Burrows]] has written for her elder cousin to Mauer, but most pressingly, an Elf from [[Illystrial]] was tailing Dexter, and he held a sigil which you will find in Dexter's pouch alongside this letter. I dispatched of him, but be wary. If anyone knew of his mission, they will grow concerned about his whereabouts eventually. Godspeed."
13. Players move on from the bandit camp, continuing with safe passage to either [[city of Mauervell]] or [[Seed bank encounter]].



18 to reattach limbs of the prisoner
[[Janel]] is the name of the main prisoner Elf
[[Linossa Arvuna]]
[[Ellary of Smiffen Burrows]] is 18 years old

The session ended at the dig site, but we will start the next session with a roleplay of the conversation the led to the prisoners separating from the players.
