The players were handed to [[John Mani]] and he took them to a small house sized building. The players are still in chains, and have a chance to talk with [[John Mani]]. He will answer any questions as best he can, and explain why he is there with them.
I want to give the players a variety of directions to go, so John will mention the role the player characters have as slaves. 

John's preference for what they all do is dungeoneering, helping [[Illystrial]]'s towns deal with threats, and finding out secrets behind the orc invasion, but he doesn't want to engage in the warfare. His background motivations are to wreak utter destruction in the underdark, and to build up a new family like the one he lost fighting [[Dark Elves]].

1. They have the option to travel with him in search of artifacts for the city through dungeoneering,
2. They could lean away from John's preference and engage in the Orc war.
3. He leaves them the room to explore, as long as they can provide sufficient value to [[Illystrial]] in 3-6 month intervals. He'll be more than happy to oblige travelling to places they want to go. He's been in their shoes.
4. He suggests that when they are ready, the spoils of a Red Dragon's lair would give them notoriety that would serve them very well.
5. Engaging in the minor gladiatorial events will be good practice for them, but making a yearly appearance at the major ones, like the one in 2 months time will gain them fame and favour if they live.
Anything of service to [[Illystrial]] that they do will garner attention from higher ups, which is exactly what they need in order to leave slavery.

While this conversation is happening, a figure outside the window of their building wearing a cloak with a red badge will cast message to them one by one, offering them freedom if they come to have their tattoo's removed, but they will need to all come together. "If you believe you will achieve no good by being in service to these people, raise your heads to the sky as you leave the city, I will meet you when all is safe." This character is [[Shailavar Merilas]]'s uncle, [[Trech]].


After they talk, John will poke his head outside and ask for [[The Tatooer]]. He will use a painless paint brush and incantations to mark a [[Slave Tattoo]] onto the player character's somewhere around the neck. As he leaves, he will congratulate [[John Mani]] on his position while looking toward his neck.

Notes:
[[Tenet of Xervalon]] has beef with [[Eater of Men/Demetrius]] 
Players have talked about killing [[Jonas of Illystrial]]

