The first session takes place in the city of [[city of Mauervell]] with all of the players outside of [[Ellary of Smiffen Burrows]]'s house, going about their business when guards run up from the outer stone wall of the city shouting "[[Kobold]]s attacking from the east", and from a guard on a roof, they hear the word "Dragon" 
[[Sainhuin the Red Dragon]] is the dragon attacking, due to the [[Temportal Monster]] that is buried underneath the city. 

Throughout the session:
Players fight [[Kobold]]s that seem to be ransacking [[Kobold]]
s heading into the city
The [[Sainhuin the Red Dragon]] delivers dozens of kobolds hanging on ropes from his talons into the center of the city.
[[Sainhuin the Red Dragon]] flies over the city, burning a square scorch into the city as a barrier
[[Kobold]]s filter into the city attacking and killing those who stand in their way, otherwise only harassing those who seem to be wearing valuables.
After enough Kobolds are inside, the cycle back through pushing more people outside of the city. This is to cause the [[Temportal Monster]] to have less fuel in the form of lives.
As the party saves and carries individuals to the cities edge caravans of people arrive through arching purple portals, some wearing huge sets of armour, some carrying chains, others managing the horses, soldiers killing Kobolds who are too close. The kobolds filter away from these people.
A man named [[Jonas of Illystrial]] of [[Illystrial]] smacks an individual over the back of the head as he treats a woman of Mauervell roughly.
There are wagons on the horses, with bars on the side. Long chains coiled on the back. Astounding numbers of people are here, and they wizards begin to cast spells that send commoners to sleep. Any people who are "level 1 or higher" are not put to sleep
A troll, [[Eater of Men]], lobs stones at any of the people still standing who act up, taking 2d8 damage
After the players are chained up, they are walked for a week, and fed on a good berry from the company they are in each day.
Children in towns cheer as they seen the bedraggled company being walked by their town in the thousands.
Some children approach the players and talk to them.
Children: [[Eleanor]], [[Simon]], [[Madisson Bingles]] 

As the arrive near the [[city of Illystrial]], the players see rich stone walls, not unlike the city they left behind. To the North/left of the city, there is a large Colosseum making a tumor off of the stone walls, And around it is a smaller set of walls guarding what appears to be a giant town with large buildings
[[John Mani]], the man who will be the players inquisitor.


Notes:
[[Bernado Family]]: Alfonso father, Antonio son, Mary daughter, Alejandro cousin, Diego is the Grandfather

Kira's character has a little girl friend named Madeleine

The [[players]] mentioned [[Phoenix]]'s, so now they exist in this world.

[[Andrews]] met [[Ellary of Smiffen Burrows]] out the front of [[Ellary of Smiffen Burrows]]'s house, they went south to the market and fought some Kobolds and encountered the rest of the party for the first time.
They fought inside of the Bernado family's manor court yard and the market place, saving a little girl separated from her family, named [[Madelleine Singell, the Mauervell girl]].
After fighting the Kobolds, they ran from their army and travelled East to the edge of the city. Once making their way outside, purple portals opened in the distance with horse drawn carts and wagons being pulled through. As they approached, most of the thousands of evacuating people fell asleep, and [[Jonas of Illystrial]] addressed those who were still awake, explaining that they are now slaves of [[Illystrial]]. [[Eleanor]] [[Hudson Walliker]]'s character [[Tenet of Xervalon]] and [[Andrews]] put up a fight against the guards that came to apprehend those still standing. [[Tenet of Xervalon]] was hit by a boulder thrown from [[Eater of Men/Demetrius]] with a [[natural 20]] and would have been knocked down except for an ability that left him on one health. He was then apprehended and [[Andrews]] put up a massive fight and kept rolling well enough to avoid getting captured, until it eventually happened. The group of them caused trouble throughout the days of travel as they were taken to the [[city of Illystrial]]. [[Vakama]] worked on befriending guards as they travelled, [[Andrews]] tried to escape with [[Tenet of Xervalon]], and [[Shailavar Merilas]] dropped stones marked with Druid Cant and poured rain on people as they travelled with a spell. They walked past Nable and Ladon as they travelled  and arrived at [[city of Illystrial]]. They saw the main walls of the city, the colosseum to the side, and the small stone walls which guarded the area they were being taken to. Inside is a large fort town, and they were taken to a large hall, where [[Jonas of Illystrial]] handed them over to their [[Illystrial Inquisitor]], [[John Mani]].

