Riding the back of a Find Steed Wyvern, along with [[Hogfather]] the players are about to have an encounter with 1 [[Tlincalli]] and 8 [[Lizardfolk]] who are setting upon survivors from the [[City of Traeoul]]. The survivors have managed to make it to a ruined village, but are now in need of being saved by the adventuring party.

After saving the village, more Wraiths will make their way toward them, and the [[Hogfather]] will produce a sack to load all of the survivors into. The wyvern will lower itself down to get the adventurers on board and fly them to a perch of a mountain side in the middle of an inland sea.
The magic here is faintly familiar, like the bland vibe of Vanagan's living room, which you thought must have been his taste in furniture, diluted by the magic of many others. In front of the large door are two Spectators that know Vanagan. They will explain that through the lairs inside are two passage way's; the passage of wizards and the adventurers road. A series of challenges that leads to the bottom and center of the mountain they now stand on, where a library that connects to many others lives. By the end, the adventurers road will turn them into the people they need to be to achieve their task, whatever it may be. If this is not the place they would like to be, the forest below the mountain is plentiful in berries and fruits, and a small boat will be their passage to leave.
The spectators will then let them know that if they were sent here, it was intentional, and that the spectators are the first of many challenges.